ah
very good I do we go this spring
I bought this and it screams is a palitroque not
have the pool stick and look
I had these little kids, guys, I was
excited minguito but look how
is this fig I do not know if it is unique or a
brief has never known the difference and
I hope someone tells me
and so
well thought
so a second
can not stand decent
how will it be good I think so
let's see
tell you because this is very rich
and this is the fruit of the cycle of law
of the word comes from the Greek that
means friend
fix
or
and I say it's not a fruit but a flora
inverted biblical punishment they gave him
to the snow
because in the time of Adam and Eve
there was no apple if I do not say
let's try it
I will die
delicious
I used to have a war that has left
studies studies
and it's down
from sadaba the children who are more
immoral
It was white, it was terrific
this is evolving
but this year we
but I hope that next year it will
fill whole
of figs
irrigation
sweet as sugar
because right here I have the almond tree and the
almendro we raised it in 2010
in the most elegant way of eating one
test or a son
that do not have the knife in the field
to ask the hand what are we going to eat
see what korver cited sweet candy
sweet
a door to the wind
good because I already shared with you
virtual way and with you
marito
my first fruit of the fruits that
I planted this year
when imposing it has so green
the almond tree is full but I never
I ate the almond
although we could sow the
Almond habits
almond
it will be very bad
with flowerpot
what rich what rich
how rich I am
when I was a kid and my family cows
from sanlúcar I had a vegetable garden and I'm
always sinks a little more when going down a
little and had they go have there a
huge plum and when I was little
from a very young, a lot of 1,900 boys
some character with shoes running valley
barefoot and we climbed the plum tree and
we put plum chilled that I to my
house but to take it from the tree many
Thank you
a little bit cute and
and then of the plum I used to
plum up here and then we had
had they had there a mandarin and of
Mandarin also made me warm that
other than we played basketball a
canchita that he had there with the little basket
and I took the
the shells and my cousin and I throw them
behind the wall and then my aunt came
Carmelites
some so good it really makes me
I'm very excited to share this with
you and with you this I say
my first I say of the fig tree that raises
this year a hug from the next fig